Add `azure.storage.endpoint` config option (#6596)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/reference/config.md

`azure.storage.accountName`
: The blob storage account name. Defaults to environment variable `AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT_NAME`.

`azure.storage.endpoint`
: :::{versionadded} 25.11.0-edge
  :::

> : The blob storage service endpoint e.g. `https://nfbatch1.blob.core.windows.net`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The blob storage service endpoint. For example, `https://nfbatch1.blob.core.windows.net`.
```
